//
// Splashes 
//

splash 	nukage
{
 smallclass 	sludgesplash
 smallclip		10
 smallsound	world/lavasizzlesmall

 baseclass		sludgesplash
 chunkclass	sludgechunk
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	6
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		world/lavasizzle
 NoAlert
}

splash Slime
{
	smallclass		SlimeSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall
	

	baseclass		SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

splash 	water
{
 smallclass 	watersplashbasesmall
 smallclip		8
 smallsound	dssplash

 baseclass		watersplashbase2
 chunkclass	watersplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		water
 NoAlert
}

splash 	blood
{
 smallclass 	bloodsplashbasesmall
 smallclip		8
 smallsound	world/sludgegloopsmall


 baseclass		bloodsplashbase
 chunkclass	bloodsplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		world/sludgegloop
 NoAlert
}

splash 	lava
{
 smallclass 	lavasplash
 smallclip		10
 smallsound	world/lavasizzlesmall


 baseclass		lavasplash
 chunkxvelshift	-1
 chunkyvelshift	-1
 chunkzvelshift	2
 chunkbasezvel	1
 sound		world/lavasizzle
 NoAlert
}

splash granuke_t
{
 smallclass 	ffire_terrain
 smallclip		10

 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	6
 chunkbasezvel	2
 NoAlert
}

splash swamp
{
 smallclass 	watersplashbasesmall
 smallclip		8
 smallsound	dssplash

 baseclass		watersplashbase2
 chunkclass	watersplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		water
 NoAlert
}

//********** Terrain **********

terrain	 nukage_t
{
 splash 	nukage
 footclip	 8
 liquid
}

terrain	water_t
{
 splash 	water
 footclip	 8
 liquid
}

terrain	lava_t
{
 splash 	lava
 footclip	 8
 liquid
}

terrain	blood_t
{
 footclip	 6
 liquid
 splash 	blood
}

terrain Slime{
 footclip	 6
 liquid
 splash Slime
}

terrain	granuke_t
{
 splash 	granuke_t
 footclip	 8
 liquid
}

//********** Floors **********
floor GRANUKE1 granuke_t
floor GRANUKE2 granuke_t
floor GRANUKE3 granuke_t
floor nukage1 nukage_t
floor nukage2 nukage_t
floor nukage3 nukage_t
floor hynuke nukage_t
floor swamp water_t
floor fwater1 water_t
floor fwater2 water_t
floor fwater3 water_t
floor fwater4 water_t
floor bwater1 water_t
floor bwater2 water_t
floor bwater3 water_t
floor bwater4 water_t
floor hywater water_t
floor lava1 lava_t
floor lava2 lava_t
floor lava3 lava_t
floor lava4 lava_t
floor wqlava lava_t
floor blood1 blood_t
floor blood2 blood_t
floor blood3 blood_t
floor wblood1 blood_t
floor SLIME01 Slime
floor SLIME02 Slime
floor SLIME03 Slime
floor SLIME04 Slime
floor SLIME05 Slime
floor SLIME06 Slime
floor SLIME07 Slime
floor SLIME08 Slime
floor WSLIME01 Slime
floor wfwater1 water_t